Update ReadME (#121)
vtex-apps/reviews-and-ratings: docs/README.md

1. Enable the **Require Admin Approval** setting as described above.
2. In the admin dashboard, navigate to **Catalog > Reviews** using the admin's sidebar.
3. You may view either **Pending** or **Approved** reviews using the tabs at the top of the page.

> 4. You can export reviews to xls files from the **Download** tap, and it is limited to exporting 800 reviews. Please use the date pickers to select the time range of reviews you want to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can export reviews to XLS files from the **Download** tab, and it is limited to exporting 800 reviews at a time. Please use the date pickers to select the time range of reviews you want to export.
```

> 4. You can export reviews to XLS files from the **Download** tab, and it is limited to exporting 800 reviews at a time. Please use the date pickers to select the time range of reviews you want to export.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Warning
>
> You can export reviews to XLS files from the **Download** tab, and it is limited to exporting 800 reviews at a time. Please use the date pickers to select the time range of reviews you want to export.
```
